work the camera right there all right so
for this and we using the steno
no got it from Steve actually I saw
Steve video using this Tonelli oh this
is the nor any other side are
better than this actually I'm just gonna
use the torch so use the put the
terminal on it all right well let's do
it to see the show it works so you can't
see that don't burn my camera ready
see less you oh it is on it's kind of
windy else last one so what I'll do is I
put in there let me just dip the
desaad ring on top right
that's what I'm talking about
g
year
that got a little closer for that
the glass other whoo
you
they say this is the best termination
out there soldering there's nothing
better than soldering soldering the
terminal with the cable four gauge cable
yep once again still now you're
is the
alright
I have to apply a little bit more fire
in that all right